# Graveyard Management System

Cemetery records have traditionally been kept as hard copy, handwritten data. A new way of storing these easily damaged or misplaced records is required, and the format should be easy to
navigate and modify as necessary.  An ideal framework has been proposed here to store this data, and it can be queried spatially and by attributes. The study area of this research is the
graveyards located in Bangladesh. By applying technologies our results show that the individual grave sites can be accurately plotted, and what was previously hard copy data gains a locational
aspect. This allows cemetery managers to keep precise records and preserves the data for future reference and use.This system works as a bridge between cemetery managers and general users
by providing inexpensive,time efficient platform.

The first step of designing the automated system was designing the database using Entity Relationship diagram which includes entities with attributes, relational tables for connecting them and also ISA relationships, these ISA relationships are Deceased (includes known native, known foreigner, unknown) Database is implemented using Structured
Query Language (SQL) on ORACLE 11g platform . And for Front End we have used PHP,HTML,CSS and JAVASCRIPT. User can access the data from the website where access to the data is limited according to user role. These restrictions have been implemented using different functions, view, trigger,
virtual column and different constraints. The database is quite secured as it contains enough security and constraints to prevent unauthorized access so that the valuable and confidential information will be kept safe in the database. 


The requirements for running the system are divided into two parts.  

1) Hardware Requirements: Hardware requirements are likely CPU2 x 1.6 GHz, RAM minimum 256 MB, and Disk space 20GB or higher (depends on the work load).  

2) Software Requirements: Software requirements are Microsoft windows XP or higher version operating system,server, web browser. Some of the features that our system offers are:   

i) Deceased list: The list of all the deceased in the graveyard will be accessible to see.  

ii) Search Associated deceased: If any deceased has already any relative in that grave,that will also be available at the system.  

iii) User Authorization: Any member or employee of the graveyard will need to log in using their unique id and password automatically generated by the system to access their profile. Thus their personal information will only be accessible by them and their profiles will remain secured.  

iv) Managing Fund: The graveyard fund may come from non-govt or govt source. This fund management is done by accountant.This fund is used to buy inventory,for grave renovation or for employee payroll.  

v) Seasonal labourer: There are also labors who are not regular employees but they work on hour basis in the graveyard.Their information and wages are maintained by the system.  
vi) Grave List: The system will also show the number of unused grave available at present and the number of graves that have been already in use also the reusable grave numbers(as graves can be reused after 2 years by Islami Shariah.  

vii) Handling Employee information: Supervisor will be able to control employee information.  

viii) Handling budget: Accountant will be able to manage all budget related information.  

ix) Admin Panel: There will be an admin panel for maintaining and keeping eye on the overall system such as handling employees profiles, keeping details
of deceased etc.
